docs: add HeroDevs mentions to README and LTS docs (#5730)
fastify/fastify: docs/Reference/LTS.md

> dependency as `"fastify": "~3.15.x"`. This will leave your application
> vulnerable, so please use with caution.

### Security Support Beyond LTS

> Our partner HeroDevs provides commercial security support through the OpenJS Ecosystem Sustainability Program for versions of Fastify that are beyond LTS. For more information, see their [Never Ending Support][hd-link] service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our partner HeroDevs provides commercial security support through the OpenJS Ecosystem Sustainability Program for versions of Fastify that EOL. For more information, see their
[Never Ending Support][hd-link] service.
```

> dependency as `"fastify": "~3.15.x"`. This will leave your application
> vulnerable, so please use with caution.

### Security Support Beyond LTS

> Our partner HeroDevs provides commercial security support through the OpenJS Ecosystem

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fastify's partner HeroDevs provides commercial security support through the OpenJS Ecosystem
```

Author: Modified.
